Add additional sections under `Libraries` (#3786)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/sway-program-types/libraries.md

## Using Libraries

There are two types of Sway libraries, based on their location and how they can be imported.

### Internal Libraries

Internal libraries are located within the project's `src` directory alongside `main.sw` as shown below:

```bash
$ tree
.
├── Cargo.toml
├── Forc.toml
└── src
    ├── internal_lib.sw
    └── main.sw
```

As `internal_lib` is an internal library, it can be imported into `main.sw` as follows:
- Use the `dep` keyword followed by the library name to make the internal library a dependancy
- Use the `use` keyword with a `::` separating the name of the library and the imported item(s)

```sway
dep internal_lib; // Assuming the library name in `internal_lib.sw` is `internal_lib`

use internal_lib::mint;

> `mint` from `internal_library` is now available in this file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// `mint` from `internal_library` is now available in this file
```

Author: Oh, wait yes! Sorry, let me set up the lint checker.

│   ├── Cargo.toml
│   ├── Forc.toml
│   └─── src
│       └── main.sw
│
└── external_lib
    ├── Cargo.toml
    ├── Forc.toml
    └─── src
        └── lib.sw
```
        
As `external_lib` is outside the `src` directory of `my_project`, it needs to be added as a dependency in the `Forc.toml` file of `my_project`, by adding the library path in the `dependencies` section as shown below, before it can be imported:

```toml
[dependencies]
external_library = { path = "../external_library" }
```

Once the library dependency is added to the `toml` file, you can import items from it as follows:
- Make sure the item you want imported are declared with the `pub` keyword (if applicable, for instance: `pub fn mint() {}`)
- Use the `use` keyword to selectively import items from the library

```sway
use external_library::mint;

// `mint` from `external_library` is now available in this file
```

Wildcard imports using `*` are supported, but it is generally recommended to use explicit imports where possible.

> **Note**: the standard library is implicitly available to all Forc projects, that is, you are not required to manually specify `std` as an explicit dependency in `Forc.toml`.

> ## Sway Libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reference Sway Libraries
```

> The repository [`sway-libs`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/tree/master/sway_libs/) is a collection of external libraries that you can import and make use of in your Fuel applications. These libraries are meant to be learning references of common use-cases valuable for dapp development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository [`sway-libs`](https://github.com/FuelLabs/sway-libs/) is a collection of external libraries that you can import and make use of in your Fuel applications. These libraries are meant to be learning references of common use-cases valuable for dapp development.
```

## Using Libraries

> There are two types of libraries categorised based on where it is located and how we can import them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of Sway libraries, based on their location and how they can be imported.
```

### Internal Libraries

> Internal libraries are located within the main `src` directory with the main program files as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal libraries are located within the project's `src` directory alongside `main.sw` as shown below:
```

```bash
$ tree
.
├── Cargo.toml
├── Forc.toml
└── src
    ├── internal_lib.sw

>     └── my_library.sw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    └── main.sw
```

```

> As `internal_lib` is an internal library, it can be imported to use inside `my_library` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `internal_lib` is an internal library, it can be imported into `main.sw` as follows:
```

- Use the `dep` keyword followed by the library name to make the internal library a dependancy

> - Use the `use` keyword with a `::` separating the name of the library and the import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `use` keyword with a `::` separating the name of the library and the imported item(s)
```

```sway

> library my_library;
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> dep internal_lib;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dep internal_lib; // Assuming the library name in `internal_lib.sw` is `internal_lib`
```

use internal_lib::mint;
```

### External Libraries

External libraries are located outside the main `src` directory as shown below:

```bash
$ tree
.

> ├── my_library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── my_project
```

│   ├── Cargo.toml
│   ├── Forc.toml
│   └─── src

> │       └── lib.sw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│       └── main.sw
```

│
└── external_lib
    ├── Cargo.toml
    ├── Forc.toml
    └─── src
        └── lib.sw
```
        

> As `external_lib` is outside the main `src` directory of `my_library`, it needs to be added as a dependancy in `Forc.toml` of `my_library` by adding the library path in the `dependancies` section as below in order to be imported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `external_lib` is outside the `src` directory of `my_project`, it needs to be added as a dependency in the `Forc.toml` file of `my_project`, by adding the library path in the `dependencies` section as shown below, before it can be imported:
```

```toml
[dependencies]
external_library = { path = "../external_library" }
```

> Once the dependancy is added, you can import external libraries as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the library dependency is added to the `toml` file, you can import items from it as follows:
```

> - Make sure the imports you want to add have the `pub` keyword (for instance: `pub fn mint() {}`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure the item you want imported are declared with the `pub` keyword (if applicable, for instance: `pub fn mint() {}`)
```

- Use the `use` keyword to selectively import our code from my_other_library

```sway
library my_library;

use external_library::mint;

> // `mint` from `external_library` is now available in `my_library`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// `mint` from `external_library` is now available in this file
```

Reviewer: It would also be nice to have the same comment in the example from the internal libraries section.

Author: Good catch, thanks! I was meant to add it but probably missed it at some point.

```

> Wildcard imports using `*` are supported, but it is always recommended to use explicit imports where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wildcard imports using `*` are supported, but it is generally recommended to use explicit imports where possible.
```
